42706 	Federal Register/Vol. 82, No. 174/Monday, September 11, 2017/Notices 


including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; 
—Evaluate whether and if so how the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be collected can be enhanced; and 
—Minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of information technology, e.g., permitting electronic submission of responses. 
Overview of This Information 
Collection 
  1. Type of Information Collection (check justification or form 83): Revision of a currently approved collection. 
  2. The Title of the Form/Collection: 
Application and Permit for Temporary Importation of Firearms and Ammunition By Nonimmigrant Aliens. 
  3. The agency form number, if any, and the applicable component of the Department sponsoring the collection: Form number (if applicable): ATF F 6NIA (5330.3D). 
  Component: Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, U.S. 
Department of Justice. 
  4. Affected public who will be asked or required to respond, as well as a brief abstract: 
  Primary: Individuals or households. Other (if applicable): None. Abstract: The form allows nonimmigrant aliens to temporarily import firearms and ammunition into the United States for hunting or other sporting purposes. 
  5. An estimate of the total number of respondents and the amount of time estimated for an average respondent to respond: An estimated 15,000 respondents will utilize the form, and it will take each respondent approximately 30 minutes to complete the form. 
  6. An estimate of the total public burden (in hours) associated with the collection: The estimated annual public burden associated with this collection is 7,500 hours which is equal to 15,000 (the total # of respondents) * .5 (30 minutes). 
  If additional information is required contact: Melody Braswell, Department Clearance Officer, United States 
Department of Justice, Justice 
Management Division, Policy and 
Planning Staff, Two Constitution Square, 145 N Street NE., 3E.405A, Washington, DC 20530. 
Dated: September 6, 2017. 
Melody Braswell, 
Department Clearance Officer for PRA, U.S. Department of Justice. 
[FR Doc. 2017–19132 Filed 9–8–17; 8:45 am] 
BILLING CODE 4410–FY–P 

EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT 
Office of National Drug Control Policy 
Notification of a Public Meeting of the 
President’s Commission on Combating 
Drug Addiction and the Opioid Crisis (Commission) 
AGENCY: Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP), Executive Office of the President. 
ACTION: Notice of meeting. 

SUMMARY: ONDCP announces the third meeting of the President’s Commission on Combating Drug Addiction and the Opioid Crisis to advance the Commission’s work on drug issues and the opioid crisis per Executive Order 13784. The meeting will consist of statements to the Commission from invited government, nonprofit, and business organizations regarding Innovative Pain Management and Prevention Measures for Diversion followed by discussion of the issues raised. 
DATES: The Commission meeting will be held on Wednesday September 27, 2017 from 12:30 p.m. until approximately 2:30 p.m. (Eastern Time). 
ADDRESSES: The meeting will be held at the Eisenhower Executive Office Building, Room 350, in the Executive 
Office of the President in Washington, DC. It will be open to the public through livestreaming on https:// www.whitehouse.gov/live. 
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: General information concerning the Commission and its meetings can be found on ONDCP’s Web site at https:// www.whitehouse.gov/ondcp/presidents- commission. Any member of the public who wishes to obtain information about the Commission or its meetings that is not already on ONDCP’s Web site or who wishes to submit written comments for the Commission’s consideration may contact Michael Passante, Designated Federal Officer (DFO) via email at commission@ondcp.eop.gov or telephone at (202) 395–6709. Please note that ONDCP may post such written comments publicly on our Web site, including names and contact information that are submitted. There will not be oral comments from the public at the meeting. Requests to accommodate disabilities with respect to livestreaming or otherwise should also be sent to that email address, preferably at least 10 days prior to the meeting to allow time for processing. 
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: The Commission was established in accordance with E.O. 13784 of March 29, 2017, the Commission’s charter, and the provisions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA), as amended, 5 U.S.C. App. 2, to obtain advice and recommendations for the President regarding drug issues. The Executive Order, charter, and information on the Members of the Commission are available on ONDCP’s Web site. The Commission will function solely as an advisory body and will make recommendations regarding policies 
and practices for combating drug addiction with particular focus on the current opioid crisis in the United States. The Commission’s final report is due October 1, 2017 unless there is an extension. Per E.O. 13784, the Commission shall: 
  a. Identify and describe the existing Federal funding used to combat drug addiction and the opioid crisis; 
  b. assess the availability and 
accessibility of drug addiction treatment services and overdose reversal throughout the country and identify areas that are underserved; 
  c. identify and report on best practices 
for addiction prevention, including healthcare provider education and evaluation of prescription practices, collaboration between State and Federal officials, and the use and effectiveness of State prescription drug monitoring programs; 
  d. review the literature evaluating the 
effectiveness of educational messages for youth and adults with respect to prescription and illicit opioids; 
  e. identify and evaluate existing Federal programs to prevent and treat drug addiction for their scope and effectiveness, and make recommendations for improving these programs; and 
  f. make recommendations to the President for improving the Federal response to drug addiction and the opioid crisis. 
Dated: September 6, 2017. 
Michael Passante, 
Deputy General Counsel, Designated Federal Officer. 
[FR Doc. 2017–19186 Filed 9–8–17; 8:45 am] 
BILLING CODE 3280–F5–P 

VerDate Sep<11>2014 	16:34 Sep 08, 2017	Jkt 241001	PO 00000	Frm 00067	Fmt 4703	Sfmt 9990	E:\FR\FM\11SEN1.SGM	11SEN1
